[Music]
there were dragons when I was a boy
where they went
only a few know our story changed the
world forever
we did it
the world's first dragon Viking utopia
Julie don't be a maybe mine's less close
did it more Oh
sanitary hey bud wait up
oh my god he's not the only one she's a
light fury you oh sorry did he just
disappear
[Music]
Wow
it's a hidden dragon worth
toothless go introduce yourself has a
girlfriend I've hunted every Night Fury
except yours and him over I will never
give him up then I will destroy
everything Yuri love
we are no longer safe here we all have
to disappear completely off the map we
have to fight for their freedom
[Applause]
[Music]
you know nothing without your dragon
show them what you got but
[Music]
save him
as you and me bud always
a lifetime has passed since the horrific
events of Taco Tuesday our lives send it
into chaos this new life has toughened
and hardened
two copies please one black one with
just a touch of cream in 25 sugars
Wow tough and most of us I wake up in
the morning morning good morning sewer
babies Amit you've gotta stop pretending
everything is awesome
it isn't yeah I get it and that's why
I've cultivated a totally hard-edged
side that's super tough and
Oh No something new
what is it up to that beat is pretty
fresh
[Music]
it's like it knows our every move weird
right what this guy is the special this
guy was a fierce warrior
okay well technically I did the warrior
stuff so you fought and masterbuilt and
hit but and then the hapless male was
the leader he uh well
hang on to your fronds planty we're
going to save Lucy and all of the other
people who were captured
[Music]
behold the sISTAR sister do not give her
the satisfaction of wooing this
[Music]
kid start turning buttock and put on
your church shoes little sister because
we're about to blast off what is it
you're trying to say we're going on the
Internet
[Music]
this is the most beautiful miracle I've
ever seen
welcome to the search bar what can I
help you find today
um umbrella Umbridge Oh mommy Noah's Ark
no doubt Nordstrom Rack economics Urban
Outfitters oh cool pretty sure he's just
trying to guess what you're gonna say my
auto failures to touch aggressive today
let me try
take me to a website that's super
intense and really nuts
oh I only found one result come on
cartoon characters
come with us
ladies I'm a princess too what kind of a
princess are you huh do you have magic
hair no magic hands
no do animals talk to you know where you
fall is no cursed no kidnapped ring
slave no are you guys okay call the
police
do people assume all your problems got
solved because a big strong man showed
up the Internet shouldn't be Ralph Rex
the Internet
yes since he is wreck-it Ralph uh yeah
but break the Internet it's like a thing
right it's just wreck seeing it kind of
sounds better doesn't it so forego okay
seriously dad walking would have been
fine
breaking news spider-man saves the day
against spider-man this guy swings in
once the day's zip zap zop dancing guys
don't cops run red lights oh you're some
dude but uh not your dad
in your universe
only one spider-man but there's another
universe it looks it sounds like yours
but it's not my name is Miles Morales
thank you you like me I knew my day
would come around this time I know it's
complicated
wanna know what happened to you I can
teach you to be spider-man hmm I love
this burger so delicious one of the best
burgers I've ever had
you have money right I'm not very liquid
right now I think you're gonna be a bad
teacher how am I supposed to save the
whole world you can't think about state
in the world you have to think about
saving one person one thing I know for
sure don't do it like me do it like you
[Applause]
[Music]
I see the spark in you it's amazing pack
up whatever you choose to do with it
you'll be great
I love you mom's no dad you gotta say I
love you dad I love you gotta copy just
like I thought when did you teach me
that I didn't it's a little joke the
team-building hey guys
okay who are you I'm Gwen Stacy people
are there same as a comic-con
[Music]
[Applause]
mr. green was
you're smarter than he lifted
you're bad banana with
Lisa black me
today we will do mean things and we will
do them in style
[Music]
the bridge
hey everyone listen listen go run okay I
saw a monster he came to me from out of
the sky
maybe the sound like here
[Music]
I saw it a mythical creature I have only
heard exist in legend no I did no I saw
it doesn't exist get this ridiculous
story and tell the truth I am telling
the truth we believe you Nietzsche
welcome to the SES stands for small food
exists sucker we have been collecting
proof of the small foots existence
behold the scroll of invisible wisdom
imagine amazing stuff they put on here
this proves nothing
I know what I saw I'm gonna prove it
wait daddy's gone holy wellness
[Music]
I should introduce myself
oh look at you small foot oh that's
supposed to fall out like that
[Music]
what exactly is mom's new job she's an
advocate for superheroes but I thought
superheroes were still illegal so things
haven't spiraled out of control the
moment I left looks normal to me I'll be
there ASAP
hey little baby pigs are seem credible
to get tickets that read PG coming this
summer
we going to make a movie about me the
story of Batman's greatest ally it's me
that must be me and best friend in the
whole world
the movie is time to clean up this city
that actually does look pretty good
they're really making movies about every
superhero has there been a movie about
you it was a Green Lantern movie but we
don't we don't talk about that it's time
they make one about me
I'm afraid it's no I only make movies
about real superheroes I don't they take
us seriously Titans you guys are never
actually doing anything heroic that
wasn't even a crime and you didn't save
anything we say brutal design having a
movie is the only way to be seen as a
real hero what about an arch-nemesis
[Music]
stop right there Deadpool Deadpool what
why does everybody think I'm Deadpool
I thought Deadpool was a good guy by the
way he should be saying that he's not me
okay cuz I came out like way before he
did no I'm pretty sure you're Deadpool
we can make you more arch-nemesis then
they will see that we're worthy of a
movie
I'm not interested in fighting a bunch
of sidekicks and a half a robot again
we're taking you down how are you gonna
do it really the part of me whatever
dance-off
you're gonna annoy me to death with your
waffles
[Music]
baby tell me where we're going
I've taken care of everything ladies
please unbuckle your seat you know
likely event we experienced a sudden
drop in cabin pressure all right thanks
that would be never
I'm gonna go check on you-know-who why
are we at a blade we can fly you know
you've been so stressed out lately it's
time for you to
oh isn't that better days ahead we have
started
any big plans for the weekend dear Bob
oh you know the usual
you gotta take the kids to soccer
oh I do like a party mom babe what
should happen if you forget about me
silly unfair oh never forget about you
pay promised able and I'm a hundred top
we should be working this weekend Robin
but I promised my wife and daughter I'd
take them away this weekend all hands on
deck you won't be coming to the cottage
well it can't be helped your life is
happening now right in front of you what
to do what to do what to do what to do
indeed poor Christopher Robin no the
tree I remember was in the countryside
not here in London thus our opening
I suppose it's where it needs to be
let's a silly explanation watch thank
you
ooh why are you here oh yes I need your
help
I've lost all of my friends let's get to
the bottom of this
look up here I come it would appear that
I am stuck
have you just eaten honey I have not
just eaten dirty I wonder which way I
always get to where I'm going by walking
away from where I have been don't you
that's the way I do it turn hello you're
Christopher Robin it's you play that
damn let's gonna see if identified
piglets I've already stayed far too long
[Music]
so nice to see you all again much thank
you sir little bear I was wrong about
work I was wrong about everything and
I've got to get back to my family
farewell Christopher Robin I would have
liked it to go on for a while longer
perhaps it's our turn to save
Christopher
[Music]
you must be Madeleine wait you're the
bear of my father's floorings yes do you
know where he is I did I just saw the
ostrich bus tourism
[Music]
piglet if anyone wants to clap now is
the time to do it I don't remember being
cherry
people say nothing is impossible but I
do nothing every day
you know poo that's not never mind
[Music]
not only Howard stories about the jungle
Alif to the king's palace in a case just
like this i bit I scratched and I spent
my entire life fighting until one day I
just stopped and I gained their trust
gained their trust little brother
[Music]
the jungle is no longer safe for you
you must stay in the village
it'll be all right little brother what I
found you
four seasons ago I thought I could teach
you how to belong
but I was wrong luckily how you grow
[Music]
I looked you in the eye and saw no fear
I believe that one day he would bring
peace to the jungle
you have become a man now walking
[Music]
I'm not a man
but neither in my world
[Music]
I think we can both agree mowgli that
you about something that jungle has
never seen before
[Music]